October 27, 2016

-Last Night

It is getting really cold. Cold as fuck at start. And dark. I lost my good headlamp and the other needs batteries, so it's hard not running blindly and getting hurt. 

Last night was really fun. It was another STFU and Buck hared. It was part of the whole hash-everyday-till-he-fall-over deal. Since this is world peace through beer week, he decided last minute to make trail a world peace through beer STFU hash. Buck couldn't help himself :), but it was a damn fun trail with some good beer can't really complain. 

We started at the top of the parking garage next to Dick's on independence. That start is so cool. There's not many places around here that have a view and there's something about looking around for miles from up high that's appealing. There were 3 of us at start, Butt Light, Dos Tacos and me. As soon as we took off Drunk Neighbor showed up. We took off and ran trail. We got held up on some intersections but it was pretty straight forward. 

The first beer check was England and Japan. Samuel Smith oatmeal stout, that was really good and Saporo. The second beer check was Mexico (Tekate) and something.....

-How this started
On Sunday October 16th 2016 at an on-after of a tidewater trail a group of half-minds realized the streak of daily hashes that had been taking place 
HOBO
CLAM MOON
CLAM
TH3
had come to an end. In resistance to letting the fun end they agreed to meet the next day for another trail and keep the train going. Buck a Fuffalo hared that first faithful trail and there were only 4 guys in the pack. Despite the lack of a large group trail was fun as fuck. When you're running trail with 4 people everyone is solving it. Everyone fans out at intersections and everyone sticks together and waits on each other. It was a quiet, efficient, streamlined trail and it was like nothing else I had done. That day marked the start of fuck-it-let's-hash-everyday streak. Many names we're used and many ideas we're thrown around. But in true fuck-it spirit no real management arose, not drama started (yet) and no one really gave any fucks. It's just some guys getting together to hash and that's it. Today is day 15 of the streak. Hopefully there will be many more to follow. Maybe we'll get a few more people to come and see this different type of hash. At the end of the day it's all good fun. 
